1)In this work shop, I learned many things. The first one is how to make an empty state. The idea is using one data
   member and a specific value, if the data member holding that specific value then the object would be set to an empty
   state. The second is how to use ostream public member functions including  fill(), width(), setf(),unsetf(). The third one
   is how to debugging my code. When I doing this work shop, I come across two difficulties, the first one is how to code
   to check the validity of ISBN number.  I don't know how to change a longlong int number to 13 digit so I can calculate
   these digit separately. So I went to learning center and got the logic of it. But after that, I still cannot store the 
   information of the ten books. So I use Visual Studio debug modules to check why my code didn't work. I use a lot of
   time to figure out how to use that debugging function, but I think that was really worthy, becuase I found where my
   code got wrong. I changed the isbn value by calculation so I need to create a variable to store the original value.
 2) my ISBN tyoe is long long int because my computer consider 13 digit number as long long int. if I didn't use that type
   I will lost data.
 3)In the class, I could create an overloading member function also name it as set, but I should give it different function 
   signature. then the compiler would differentiate the functions by identifying  the function's signature and I don't 
   need to change my old set() member function.
 4)quiz 3 reflection
    I got three mistakes in last quiz. 
    The first one is what is encapsulation. I said it is encapsulate member data and member function to one class. I got
    half grade because it not necessarily a class, the quite answer should be that encapsulation is a structure which
    combine data member and member function together.  
    The second one is what is the main difference of c++ member function and c function. The answer is c++ member 
    function could manipulates current objects but c function can only used in main code.
    The last one is what is a well designed class, my answer was it is low couple outside, high coorparative inside. But the
    quite answer should be a good class should hide the implementation details from its client's code and only has a clean
    interface between the class and clients code.
   
 